Now that we have WildFly up and running,
we can jump to our web browser, and enter the URL localhost and port 8080.
This will bring up the default homepage for the web server.
On that, there is a link to the Administration console, which we'll click.
This is where you enter the management user credentials,
which we created in the previous section.
Once logged in, you need to click on the Configuration tab,
and then go to Subsystems.
Somewhere down the list there should be a message subsystem,
which is actually using ActiveMQ, so we select that.
Then we need to select the default provider, and finally click on Queues/Topics.
We can now see a list of queues,
which includes the dead letter queue and the expiry queue.
If I click on the Topics tab, then we can see where any topics should be.
We don't have any yet, so there's nothing displayed.
Jumping back to the queues, let's add a new entry for our typical emails queue.
So I simply click on the Add button, I then enter a name of my queue.
Now I must enter a JNDI name for the queue.
A typical format is java:/jms/the destination type,
which in this case is queue, and finally the queue name.
Adding a topic is pretty much identical,
we follow the same procedure from the Topics tab.
This time Orders is the destination name,
and the JNDI name refers to a topic rather than a queue.
These JNDI names are important,
as these are what we will need to access the destinations from our code.
Actually, while we are here, let's click on the ConnectionFactories link.
Here there are two ConnectionFactories registered,
we'll be using the InVmConnectionFactory with this JNDI name.
If you need to add an XAConnectionFactory for use in your application, then this is where you would define it.